When people ask me where I am from I like to tell them that I wasn't born in Texas but I got here as soon as I could. My first taste of Irving was a student at the University of Dallas, but it was in 2014 that I was able to call Irving "home".

I met my wife Emily in the Washington, D.C. area while she was completing her Master's Degree in Psychology, and about a year later we were married. We started our family in Maryland, and spent a few years in Indiana, but in was in Irving that we found the community which we believe provided the best opportunity for our children. I am happy to say that four of my six children can claim to be Texan from birth.


Our first residence in Irving was in the neighborhood of Brandenburg Elementary School and it was there that we met friends we are grateful to have a decade later. My career as a software-engineer would then take us on a tour of the DFW area for a years - including we spent few years in The Colony, and another couple in Keller - before we came back to Irving in 2020.


My children are very different, which is no surprise, and one of the qualities we like about Irving is how it serves each of their interests. The Baila Dance Academy, Upward basketball league, Irving Soccer Complex, and Twin Wells fields are well-trod for us and have also introduced us to new friends in the community.


Similarly, and more importantly, the school options of Irving are important to us. Our oldest is in middle school at Great Hearts and for other of my children we have found wonderful co-ops that offer the flexibility we are looking for. The diverse range of options is one of the strengths of our community that we like to brag to our out-of-state friends about.


My experience getting involved in the community activities that my children enjoy is what opened my eyes to how a community becomes great: which is the involvement of its citizens. The schools, sports leagues and dance recitals that my children benefit from exist because people care, and have the opportunity, to bring these programs to life. Through their parcitipation my children get the opportunity to learn about themselves, discover and pursue their interests, and build the relationships that are essential to building a fulfilling life. These things are good for the adults as well! They create connections that otherwise would not exist and tie the community together.


My vision for Irving is to make it a great place to live not only for us now but far into the future. This means supporting the things that make the community great and attracting new people to the city that share the same values.


